So when I was growing up, I wanted to be a lot of things. I wanted to
be a ballerina because I was a young girl growing up in America. So
I think that was a pretty standard one. Um, I wanted to be a cowgirl.
I wanted to be a singer, even though I can't sing. But that's okay.
Details A Z. I got older when I was in high school and starting to
kind of consider careers. Um, I wanted to be ah, lot of different things
the U 19 or the unifying factor in all of the things that I wanted
to be where they were things that would, uh, make me very, very
rich. I think what I really wanted was freedom, Andi. I saw I saw money
is a means to that. So I just I didn't really care what I was.
I just wanted to have a lot of money. Um, so I was gonna be a lawyer.
I was going to be, uh, senator, Like, I was going to go into politics,
um, business for a half second, because that never really appealed
to me, but it didn't seem to be lucrative. Um And then when I got
to college, we had thio. So when I went to college, I started my college
journey at San Diego State University, which is part of the CSU
system down in San Diego. And at that time, the university was really,
really impacted. And so you had to declare your major as a freshman.
Most universities are not going to require you to do that because,
of course, who knows what they want to dio when they're just starting
college? Some people do, but most people don't so But the time
at San Diego State you had to declare a major right off the bat.
So I didn't really know what to declare. Um, so I kind of chose my major
based on some other factors. So number one I didn't like math,
and I didn't like science, so I didn't. So all of those majors went
right out the window. Then I wasn't. I liked art, but I wasn't super
artsy. Um, you know, like music. But I didn't know anything about music,
so I didn't think I would do well in those things. So those went
out the window and I liked history. But Then I looked at the course
requirements and there were a lot of classes that I would have to
take that I was not really interested in. So I was like, um so I actually
finally settled on psychology as my major. So I went into college
as a psych major. But the reason for that was not because I was
particularly interested in psychology. The main reason for it was that
it was kind of a science, but not like biology or chemistry or physics
kind of science. And my dad had been on at the time Waas a clinical
psychologist. And so, you know, growing up, that was always a
topic at the dinner table, you know, and he had a private practice.
And so, you know, we talked a lot about psychology and psychological
constructs and things like that. Also, I waas. I was a delightful
adolescent who knew everything. And so my reasoning went that my dad
was an idiot and he could do this so clearly, this would be something
very easy for me to dio. So that was essentially why I picked psychology
as my major. Now that said, fast forward into my college experience.
I switched majors, and I'm gonna put that in air quotes because
I never actually filed the paperwork to do it. So my whole college
career I'm on record is being a psych major. But in my mind, I changed
my major probably six times in the first two years of my college
career. And really, it kind of went it was based on the teachers
that I had. So when I had a class, that Haddon amazing teacher, I was
like, This is it. This is what I'm doing with my life. Absolutely.
I found my passion and my calling. And so I was a geology major for
a while, I waas, uh, going to major in foreign languages for a while,
and then I was going to be an interpreter for the u. N. That was
that was a plan. Um, I was gonna be a history major. I was going to
be an English major, and I think Oh, I said geology. So yeah, so those
are the ones that I remember off the top of my head, but oh, anthropology.
I was gonna be an anthropology major for a while. It pretty
much changed a couple of times each semester, and it really was based
on the teachers that I had. So the the short answer, I guess to
this question is that I wanted to be a lot of things when I was growing
up, and the thing that I am doing now is something that I never,
ever, ever thought I would be doing, and yet I absolutely love it.